hi everyone so the lipid testing box has
just arrived put in this slide and you
got the leaflet this is what looks like
inside so the first thing is there's
perfume called queen of hungary miss so
this smells like I do it every time I
spent my face I don't I wait it smells
like it's not very strong smell so put
the little perfume so the next thing I
see is this a bright green not waking me
up by Rimmel London with vitamins and
cucumber mascara ah so looks like this
I'm actually gonna try that one now
since i don't have much mascara that
moment sir so that's nice considering i
already had some scar on he has a little
clumpy and gross it had some made lay
some mess like some big fat ones do
sometimes on me i'm quite messy so this
quite good so that point anymore 1 i'm
just going to the bottom eyelashes as
well yeah that's nice yes I didn't do a
very good job all that I are made it bit
messy right look all that mess off
please ok so now I've cleaned it and
this is how it looks so I'm just gonna
quickly here I my eyelash curler
something of a quick curl so this is
what the mascara looks like after
curling them and Grandpa of an Irish
cream so next is this bellapierre
cosmetics snowflake hangouts on air
today I just forget to go through the
leaflet so the mascara says you're
receiving i'm following beauty
must-haves also you could either get
this wonderful skirmish I got this lip
gloss or this ganda wires scarring said
the wonderful mascara with argan oil
come free volume and definition mascara
oh and this which I thought was a pair
of fame I should read this first this is
it's a purifying and hydrating a quick
spritz of this neroli and
listen to face mist refreshes the skin
and listen spirits purifying and
hydrating this Turner was inspired by
the queen of Hungary water the world's
first recorded perfume formulated for
the Queen Elizabeth of Hungary in a
fourteenth-century perfect from midday
pick-me-up or as a post cleans toner
it's not happy so that's what the full
size looks like okay so I ruined my
eyeshadow when I smooth on one scar so
let's try this out I'm just going to dip
that in there a little holes which 12
actually done this before i put the
mascara on it's gonna go over my
eyelashes now so this cosmetic shimmer
powder says he's in one hundred percent
pure mica powder this beautiful
snowflake shimmer powder will provide
long-lasting collabo still being used as
an illuminator without any additional
for led this product whence me crees
paid or course an allergic reaction does
unless i definitely burn out at
Christmastime kill the I out my
mouth so I'm just gonna grab a beer /
comb he just gets most of it all out and
said of having to put boobs go run again
so the next thing I see is this caviar
CC cream 10 in one complete correction
leaving here perfect i so am i hoping
you'll be able to read all the writing
it has at the top so this is caviar CC
cream we were first to introduce a BB
cream and the first to introduce of the
next generation at the CC caviar CC
cream or complete correction cream is a
miracle leave-in put out that leaves
hair perfectly poached so get CC stands
well complete correction and even know
that must be be simple only one step 10
but if Achilles hair apply evenly to
clean towel dried hair and stylist
decide can also be used as a finisher or
on dry hair for added protection so my
fringe is looking really not healthy at
the moment summers gonna a little bit in
there and smooth it over my fringe so it
doesn't go on like a serum but I'm gonna
reset it's my doing difference ballast
maybe does talk a bit of spray bar my
shelf so next is this beauty works
professionals head in one miracle spray
delivers 10 minutes of one product just
like what we just got some things you'll
be able to read at the bottom that's all
the benefits that it says 10 in one
miracle spray automated nourishment this
will become your hair Savior with most
but with multiple benefits in just one
spritz
it is the trio of cebu oils are the
linen seeds and macadamia that give here
that are 20 nourishing and conditioning
simply using which hair before styling
to detangle or buy a little too dry hair
as a styling cream so the next thing
I've got is this evil on my cleanser so
this has some already complexion of this
a claim to cleans are suitable for all
skin types it's a remarkable
multi-purpose product and the basis of
avram skin care routine used to have
especially wave and muslin cloth which I
guess is this the cleanser most a dirt
and impurities while decongesting
exfoliating and toting the skin creating
a summer reading complexion so that's it
I wish should I tell you the prices of
everything in this leaflet but alone
which is wrong but I think you can go
onto the website which is look fantastic
doc Oh doc UK I think so yeah I'm really
pleased for that we've got a really good
product so I've got the cleansing thing
the hair CC thing they're really pretty
shimmery it's nice like five bellapierre
are today there's Beauty works 10 in one
miracle spray which is 50 milliliters
which is quite big products and then
this at all a face mist spray thing oh
and the mascara has larissa see how many
piece of that and I'm bringing that
comes in these boxes i'm always creepy
so headings always suffer that I'd
actually use and in not naff cheap
products each other really nice luxury
products which is good CA this is
probably one of my favorite boxes out of
all the boxes that I get so big thumbs
up for me so thank you for watching bye